step1: in step1 a want to make a directory with my first and last name so i use the command mkdir.
mkdir "Manar Mustafa"
and then i changed the work directory i was worked in to the new directory with the command cd.
cd "Manar Mustafa"


step2: now i want to make another directory with name "Documents" 
mkdir Documents
change the current directory to Documents
cd Documents
and then i want to creat 3 files so i use the command touch
touch file1.txt file2.txt file3.txt
then i verify that all 3 files are created by ls
ls



step3:  i went to the main directory (the one with my name) useing 
cd ..
and then i created a hidden file with name ".hidden file"
touch . ".hidden file"
and then i verified that the hidden file is created with 
ls -a



step4:  i used the nano text editor to write a short text inside file1.txt i had created in step2 
nano file1.txt
i saved the changes by click on ctrl+o and exit from nano by click ctrl+x.
and then i displayed the content of file1.txt by 
cat file1.txt


step5:  in this step i returned to the Document directory



step6:  i create a new directory named"-" in the Document directory.
mkdir "-"
and then i changed the work directory i was worked in to the new directory with the command cd.
cd "-"



step7:  in this step i copied the Document directory to the main directory (the one with my name)
cp -r  Document "Manar Mustafa"
then i verify that the copy was successfully by and i renamed the copied directory by
mv "Manar Mustafa" "my_Documents"
ls



step8:  i displaied the content of the hidden file i created in step3
cat ".hidden file"



step9:   i moved the files file2.txt and  file3.txt from the Document directory to the main directory (the one with my name)
mv file2.txt  ~/"Manar Mustafa"
mv file3.txt  ~/"Manar Mustafa"
then i verify that i moved them  successfully by ls.



step10:  i went to the home directory by
cd ..
and i removed the main directory (the one with my name)
rm -r "Manar Mustafa"
then i verify that i remove it  successfully by ls.
